Your IT department has a responsibility to be annoying when it comes to cyber security awareness. The cyber security best practices of your organization should be known and a part of your employee’s daily activities. Messaging about password complexity, unique passwords, two-factor authentication, safe VPN usage, and the risks of screen sharing should be communicated so much that it starts to verge on the level of annoyance. The company that sends out one email or one training video a year about cyber security is not taking the security of their business seriously. 
My current employer has a spectacular Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Team. We work in the food and medical packaging industry, so we have very strong enforcement of “Good Manufacturing Practices” (GMPs). This means we adhere to standards of cleanliness and safety to manufacture a safe product in a safe manner. These standards are policed both internally and externally via third party auditors. There is signage throughout the facility about the rules and expectations of safety for both the products we produce and the employees working in our facilities. Training happens constantly. When a close-call or injury happens, the entire organization gets a copy of the incident report with the root cause analysis and actions taken to prevent future incidents. 
If someone were to walk into our facility without all of the appropriate personnel protective equipment required, all of our employees are empowered to firmly enforce our standards. I remember several times that I accidentally wore my regular glasses into controlled areas and not my safety glasses. I also remember several times where I failed to badge out as I was leaving a controlled space which set off loud alarms. I made my mistakes early but I learned because the messaging was ubiquitous and the consequences for failure were obvious and honestly… a little embarrassing. 
Cyber Security Awareness needs to be ubiquitous to the point that it is baked into your culture. There should be signage, frequent email newsletters and transparent messaging when failures occur. Cyber security failures should not be brushed aside like a funny whoopsie. There should be consequences and public scrutiny for failures. I believe that we should scrutinize the failure more than the person making the failure. However, when mistakes happen, everyone should know what happened, how it happened, what was at risk, and how to make sure it doesn’t happen again. 
Your organization should send out a detailed incident report for cyber security failures. I know that I have heard people say “well how was I supposed to know I wasn’t supposed to do xyz?!?” That needs to be met with laughter at this point. You work all day on a computer, and you don’t know how to use it safely? How is that possible? There is signage, newsletters, trainings, and constant messaging about cyber security. 
